Welcome back to understand all the concepts of spring cloud very well we need to build a couple
of examples services.
What we'll do is we'll build a couple of examples.
Currency exchange service and the currency calculation service.
We will build one service each one rest service each in each of these components will create currency
exchange service application or micro service and set up a simple service there and will also set up a
simple service on the currency calculation service.
Let's get a quick review into the functionality of each of these services right now.
The currency exchange service would use JPA to talk to the database and return the exchange value for
a specific currency.
Service let's say I want to convert USD to INR.
What is the exchange value let's say the current exchange value 65.
That's the thing which the currency exchange.
Service would return talking to a database so when I invoke the currency exchange service I would need to pass in
two variables which currency you want to convert from which currency you want to convert to.
So here I would want to convert euro to INR the currency exchange service would return back.
What is the conversion multiple.
It says to convert EUR to INR the conversion multiple is 75.
So one EUR is equal to 75 INR that one euro is equal to 75 Indian rupees.
Currency conversion service would use the currency exchange service.
So the currency converter Service wants to convert 1000 USD to INR.
So what it does is it calls the currency exchange service it asks the currency exchange service ok.
What is a USD worth in terms of an INR not what is the value to convert USD to.
INR.
It gets a value back saying 65.
And it uses that to calculate 65 to 1000.
And the response it gives back is sixty five thousand.
So the currency converter service would make use of the currency exchange service to do the conversion
from one currency to another currency of any amount that you provide what you are looking at is a very
simple version of the currency converter.
There can be other services in the currency converter which would convert from a bag of currencies to
one currency.
What we have is a couple of services talking to each other the currency calculation service talking to
a currency exchange service we will use these two micro services as an example while we talk about spring
cloud in detail what we'll do in the subsequent steps is to set these up.
So in these next eight steps what we'll do is we'll set up the currency exchange service and we'll set
up the currency calculation service to call the currency exchange service until the next step.
Bye bye.